.verb.md, before:


## What is generate?

Generate is a fast, highly pluggable project generator, with a user-friendly CLI and an expressive API.

### Feature Highlights

- [x] Run local or globally-installed generators 
- [x] Run sub-generators using simple dot-notation. Supports any level of nesting!
- [x] Run [gulp][]-style "tasks" and uses some of the same underlying libraries as gulp
- [x] Built on [assemble-core][] with support for both [gulp][] and [assemble][] plugins
- [x] Generators can extend and use other generators
- [x] Generators, sub-generators and tasks can be run by command line, API, or both.
- [x] Run tasks from any generator or sub-generator, programmatically or via CLI 
- [x] Easy to add functionality and features to generate using via plugins
- [x] Supports any template engine
- [x] First class support for template collections, including pagination, sorting, groups, and more.
- [x] supports middleware that can be run on all files or specific files, and at specific points during the _build process_ (like `onLoad`, `preRender`, `postRender`, etc) 

## Quickstart 

**1. generator.js**

Create a `generator.js` file, and add the following code:

```js
module.exports = function(app) {
  app.task('default', function(cb) {
    console.log('task > default');
    cb();
  });

  app.task('foo', function(cb) {
    console.log('task > foo');
    cb();
  });
};
```

**2. Run `gen`**

In the command line run:

- `gen` to execute the `default` task
- `gen foo` to execute the `foo` task

Commit message:

run verb to generate docs

.verb.md, after:


## What is generate?

Generate is a fast, highly pluggable project generator, with a user-friendly CLI and an expressive API.

### Feature Highlights

- [x] Run local or globally-installed generators 
- [x] Run sub-generators using simple dot-notation. Supports any level of nesting!
- [x] Run [gulp][]-style "tasks" and uses some of the same underlying libraries as gulp
- [x] Built on [assemble-core][] with support for both [gulp][] and [assemble][] plugins
- [x] Generators can extend and use other generators
- [x] Generators, sub-generators and tasks can be run by command line, API, or both.
- [x] Run tasks from any generator or sub-generator, programmatically or via CLI 
- [x] Easy to add functionality and features to generate using via plugins
- [x] Supports any template engine
- [x] First class support for template collections, including pagination, sorting, groups, and more.
- [x] supports middleware that can be run on all files or specific files, and at specific points during the _build process_ (like `onLoad`, `preRender`, `postRender`, etc) 

Generate is also well-tested, with more than [1100 unit tests](./test).

## Quickstart 

**1. generator.js**

Create a `generator.js` file, and add the following code:

```js
module.exports = function(app) {
  app.task('default', function(cb) {
    console.log('task > default');
    cb();
  });

  app.task('foo', function(cb) {
    console.log('task > foo');
    cb();
  });
};
```

**2. Run `gen`**

In the command line run:

- `gen` to execute the `default` task
- `gen foo` to execute the `foo` task
